index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Issa Rice (riceissa)
...

I spend most of my time on [Quora](https://quora.com) now.
My Quora profile is [here](https://www.quora.com/Issa-Rice).

Feel free to contact me.
My email is the reverse of moc.liamg@assiecir (`"moc.liamg@assiecir"[::-1]` works on Python; `reverse "moc.liamg@assiecir"` works in Haskell).
You can also send me anonymous feedback using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1AbwmuMIyzB5X7P4ysL71vGD4WnMxsCKsAZULLc0X7V0/viewform?usp=send_form) (idea from [lukeprog](http://lesswrong.com/lw/8bt/tell_me_what_you_think_of_me/) and [Gwern](http://www.gwern.net/About#anonymous-feedback)).

## Computing

{% include page-type.html tags='computing' %}

## Math

{% include page-type.html tags='math' %}

## University of Washington

{% include page-type.html tags='UW' %}

## Other

- [Some useful links](./links.html)
- [Resources for research on work/goal-setting/procrastination](./cogsci/work.html)
- [SICP](./learning/SICP/resources.html)

<!-- split list -->

Commit message:

add more links to various accounts

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Issa Rice (riceissa)
...

I spend most of my time on [Quora](https://quora.com) now.
My Quora profile is [here](https://www.quora.com/Issa-Rice).
Besides the accounts listed above, I'm also [riceissa on Less Wrong](http://lesswrong.com/user/riceissa/overview/) and [riceissa on Twitter](https://twitter.com/riceissa).
My Facebook profile is [here](https://www.facebook.com/riceissa); my LinkedIn profile is [here](https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=352995114)

Feel free to contact me/email me/message me (on Facebook, Quora)/stalk me online/ask questions about me on Quora.
My email is the reverse of moc.liamg@assiecir (`"moc.liamg@assiecir"[::-1]` works on Python; `reverse "moc.liamg@assiecir"` works in Haskell).
You can also send me anonymous feedback using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1AbwmuMIyzB5X7P4ysL71vGD4WnMxsCKsAZULLc0X7V0/viewform?usp=send_form) (idea from [lukeprog](http://lesswrong.com/lw/8bt/tell_me_what_you_think_of_me/) and [Gwern](http://www.gwern.net/About#anonymous-feedback)).

## Computing

{% include page-type.html tags='computing' %}

## Math

{% include page-type.html tags='math' %}

## University of Washington

{% include page-type.html tags='UW' %}

## Other

- [Some useful links](./links.html)
- [Resources for research on work/goal-setting/procrastination](./cogsci/work.html)
- [SICP](./learning/SICP/resources.html)

<!-- split list -->
