uw/resources.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Resources for the University of Washington
comments: 'yes'
disqus-id: b6ac33c58ab9c30934bfad47df30bd980e68388b
math: "no"
last-major-revision-date: 2014-05-27
license: "CC-BY"
tags: UW
---


A collection of information about the University of Washington (and also
college in general).
Currently it’s [too easy to lose things on Quora](https://www.quora.com/How-do-people-find-posts-on-Quora-that-theyve-written-but-completely-forgotten-about), so I am posting here.
Please let me know if there are any other good resources or if there are mistakes here.
(You can leave a comment [below](#disqus_thread) or email me at the reverse of moc.liamg@assiecir.)

Note that even if you’re not logged in on Quora, adding `/?share=1` to the end of the URL allows you to view *all* answers, not just the first one.

## Other lists of resources

- The [University of Washington topic on Quora](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington) has a lot of information; in fact, most of the content linked to on this page is from here.

-   Jennifer Apacible has a [collection of Quora questions about
    UW](https://jenpacollections.quora.com/University-of-Washington).

## General

- [Alex K. Chen’s review of the University of Washington](https://www.quora.com/Reviews-of-University-of-Washington/review/Alex-K-Chen).

- [What are the best courses at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-are-the-best-courses-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [Is it allowed to stay overnight in one of the Odegaard Undergraduate Library's study rooms? If so, how common is this practice?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Is-it-allowed-to-stay-overnight-in-one-of-the-Odegaard-Undergraduate-Librarys-study-rooms-If-so-how-common-is-this-practice)

- [Is it worthwhile to attend the Admitted Student Previews (undergrad) at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Is-it-worthwhile-to-attend-the-Admitted-Student-Previews-undergrad-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to What is the biggest regret of your life?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-biggest-regret-of-your-life/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

- Alex K. Chen often refers to the Academic program reviews and departmental self-study reports.
Find these [here](https://www.washington.edu/about/accreditation/noflyouts.html).


- [What happens if a library book is overdue?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-happens-if-a-library-book-is-overdue)

- [What is it like to attend University of Washington in Seattle?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-attend-University-of-Washington-in-Seattle)

- [What are the best colleges and universities for INTPs in the United States?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-colleges-and-universities-for-INTPs-in-the-United-States)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to Self-Improvement: What advice would you tell to your 12-year-old self if you could travel back in time?](https://www.quora.com/Self-Improvement/What-advice-would-you-tell-to-your-12-year-old-self-if-you-could-travel-back-in-time/answer/Alex-K-Chen)


- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to The College and University Experience: If you could do undergrad over again, what would you major in?](https://www.quora.com/The-College-and-University-Experience/If-you-could-do-undergrad-over-again-what-would-you-major-in/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

- [What does Alex K. Chen have against state schools?](https://www.quora.com/Academia/What-does-Alex-K-Chen-have-against-state-schools)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to Should I feel bad for going to a mediocre college?](https://www.quora.com/Should-I-feel-bad-for-going-to-a-mediocre-college/answer/Alex-K-Chen) (see especially the comments to the answer)

- [If Alex K. Chen was transported back in time, with all of his current memories, how would he spend his time?](https://www.quora.com/If-Alex-K-Chen-was-transported-back-in-time-with-all-of-his-current-memories-how-would-he-spend-his-time). Alex says:

- [What is some advice that most college students are not ever likely to hear?](https://www.quora.com/The-College-and-University-Experience/What-is-some-advice-that-most-college-students-are-not-ever-likely-to-hear)

- [College freshmen meme](http://www.quickmeme.com/College-Freshman).
See also the [Lazy College Senior meme](http://www.quickmeme.com/Lazy-College-Senior/).

## Doing research

-   [How can high school students entering the University of Washington
    as freshmen gain experience in
    research?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-high-school-students-entering-the-University-of-Washington-as-freshmen-gain-experience-in-research)

- [How can an undergraduate at the University of Washington find research?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-an-undergraduate-at-the-University-of-Washington-find-research)

- [What are the current exciting research projects at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-current-exciting-research-projects-at-the-University-of-Washington)

## Getting the most out of UW

- [What do UW students wish they had known when they were freshmen?](https://www.quora.com/What-do-UW-students-wish-they-had-known-when-they-were-freshmen)

- [How can I make the most of my college years?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-make-the-most-of-my-college-years)

- [How does one sample graduate level courses at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/How-does-one-sample-graduate-level-courses-at-the-University-of-Washington)

    - [What does it mean to add-code at UW?](https://www.quora.com/What-does-it-mean-to-add-code-at-UW)

- [How do I self-study a lot of subjects efficiently like Alex K. Chen?](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-self-study-a-lot-of-subjects-efficiently-like-Alex-K-Chen)

- [What majors at the University of Washington allow non-majors to take most or all of their courses?](https://www.quora.com/What-majors-at-the-University-of-Washington-allow-non-majors-to-take-most-or-all-of-their-courses)

- See also [Scholarship: How to Do It Efficiently](http://lesswrong.com/lw/5me/scholarship_how_to_do_it_efficiently/) by Luke Muehlhauser.

- [What learning strategies do people who are "quick learners" follow?](https://www.quora.com/Learning/What-learning-strategies-do-people-who-are-quick-learners-follow)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to What subjects should everyone be familiar with?](https://www.quora.com/What-subjects-should-everyone-be-familiar-with/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

## Networking

-   See Jonah and Vipul’s “[Using Facebook effectively](http://info.cognitomentoring.org/wiki/Using_Facebook_effectively)” for reasons why Facebook might be useful in college.

- [What are the best ways for students to network with other people while they're still in college?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-ways-for-students-to-network-with-other-people-while-theyre-still-in-college)

- [How common is it to feel socially isolated at the UW?](https://www.quora.com/How-common-is-it-to-feel-socially-isolated-at-the-UW)

-   [Alex K. Chen’s answer to: People Skills: What is the secret to finding the right peers?](https://www.quora.com/People-Skills/What-is-the-secret-to-finding-the-right-peers/answer/Alex-K-Chen)
Alex says, in part:

    > Make yourself **extremely** stalkable and Googleable (and clearly
    > mark that you're open to emails and random Facebook friend
    > requests from strangers). And also - archive up \*all\* the
    > interesting things you've gathered up and put them somewhere
    > that's \*ultra-accessible\*, so that they can easily find them.
    > Use the cloud as your storage space, and default most of your
    > Facebook status updates to public.

    - See also Alex’s post on Less Wrong, [How do you approach the problem of social discovery?](http://lesswrong.com/r/discussion/lw/k3s/how_do_you_approach_the_problem_of_social/) and [Alex K. Chen's answer to Alex K. Chen (topic): What were Alex K Chen's best decisions of his life?](https://www.quora.com/Alex-K-Chen-topic/What-were-Alex-K-Chens-best-decisions-of-his-life/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

-   [How does one meet new people at UWashington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/How-does-one-meet-new-people-at-UWashington)

    - Consider going to a Quora meet-up.
For the ones in Seattle, see [this page](http://seattlequorameetups.quora.com/). (This blog is currently closed to the public, but if you contact me and you live in the Seattle area, I can probably get you in.)

    - [How do I recruit people to join Quora at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-recruit-people-to-join-Quora-at-the-University-of-Washington) (all the answers seem good)


- [Alex K. Chen's answer to Colleges and Universities: How can you make important connections if you don't attend a top university?](https://www.quora.com/Colleges-and-Universities/How-can-you-make-important-connections-if-you-dont-attend-a-top-university/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

- The University of Washington does have [its own Facebook app](https://apps.facebook.com/uw_fbapp/) (maybe only for freshmen?), but I haven’t had much success with this yet.

## Housing

Unfortunately most of these questions don't have any answers yet, but they all have the potential to become useful resources in the future, so I will still put them here.

- Eventually see [What University of Washington dorm is the best to live in, and why?](https://www.quora.com/What-University-of-Washington-dorm-is-the-best-to-live-in-and-why); at the moment there aren't any answers there (2014-05-27); closely related is [Do the University of Washington dorms have personalities associated with them?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Do-the-University-of-Washington-dorms-have-personalities-associated-with-them).

- [What is it like to live in Alder Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Alder-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Elm Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington-What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Elm-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Haggett Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Haggett-Hall); see also [Do the rooms at Haggett Hall have Wi-Fi?](https://www.quora.com/Do-the-rooms-at-Haggett-Hall-have-Wi-Fi) and [Do the rooms at the University of Washington's Hagget Hall have WiFi? If so, is the service complimentary to a student's tuition?](https://www.quora.com/Do-the-rooms-at-the-University-of-Washingtons-Hagget-Hall-have-WiFi-If-so-is-the-service-complimentary-to-a-students-tuition)

- [What is it like to live in Hansee Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Hansee-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Lander Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Lander-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in McCarty Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-McCarty-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in McMahon Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-McMahon-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Mercer Court?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Mercer-Court)

- [What is it like to live in Poplar Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Poplar-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Stevens Court?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Stevens-Court)

## UW Honors

-   For a comparison of UW Honors to top schools, see the Quora question
    “[How does the University of Washington honors program undergraduate student quality compare with that of top schools like MIT and Caltech?](https://www.quora.com/How-does-the-University-of-Washington-honors-program-undergraduate-student-quality-compare-with-that-of-top-schools-like-MIT-and-Caltech)”

- [What is the Honors program at the University of Washington like? Is it worth joining?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-Honors-program-at-the-University-of-Washington-like-Is-it-worth-joining)

- There are many examples of honors portfolios available [here](https://sites.google.com/a/uw.edu/the-honors-portfolio/portfolio-examples).
You may need a UW account to see some of them, though.

- I also highly recommend contacting one or more [UW Honors peer mentors](http://depts.washington.edu/uwhonors/community/mentors/list/); they were all very responsive to email when I contacted them.

## Computer science and engineering (CSE)

- [What's the best path to follow as a freshman to enter the CS major?](https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-best-path-to-follow-as-a-freshman-to-enter-the-CS-major)

-   [How hard is it to get into the CSE program at University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/How-hard-is-it-to-get-into-the-CSE-program-at-University-of-Washington)

-   [Jennifer Apacible's answer to University of Washington: What does it take to be a direct admit to the computer science program at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-does-it-take-to-be-a-direct-admit-to-the-computer-science-program-at-the-University-of-Washington/answer/Jennifer-Apacible-1)

- [As a non-major, how can I be a bigger part of the UW CSE community?](https://www.quora.com/As-a-non-major-how-can-I-be-a-bigger-part-of-the-UW-CSE-community)

- [What does Alex K. Chen think of the field of Computer Science?](https://www.quora.com/Alex-K-Chen-topic/What-does-Alex-K-Chen-think-of-the-field-of-Computer-Science)

- [What is it like taking CSE 142 at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-taking-CSE-142-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [What is it like to take CSE 143 at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-take-CSE-143-at-the-University-of-Washington)


## Atmospheric science

- [What is it like to study Atmospheric Science at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-study-Atmospheric-Science-at-the-University-of-Washington)
In particular, Alex K. Chen says:

- [Department of atmospheric sceinces: unit self-study](https://www.washington.edu/about/accreditation/reviews/atmos-2011-1.pdf)

- [What are some downsides to doing research in atmospheric science?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-downsides-to-doing-research-in-atmospheric-science) (Alex K. Chen’s and Reena Joubert’s answers are especially good.)

- [What should someone major in if they want to become a climate scientist?](https://www.quora.com/Atmospheric-Science/What-should-someone-major-in-if-they-want-to-become-a-climate-scientist) (No answers at the time of writing, unfortunately.)

- [What are some good resources for the earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-resources-for-the-earth-atmospheric-and-planetary-sciences)

- [What are some good summer (or winter) programs/schools for graduate students in the earth/atmospheric/planetary sciences or in astrophysics?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-summer-or-winter-programs-schools-for-graduate-students-in-the-earth-atmospheric-planetary-sciences-or-in-astrophysics)

- See Edwin Kite’s answer here to see why people in the Earth sciences are more willing to share data: [Are scientists more willing to share data in some fields than in other fields?](https://www.quora.com/Are-scientists-more-willing-to-share-data-in-some-fields-than-in-other-fields).
The [article](http://www.wired.com/2009/12/15943/) Kite links to is intriguing.

- [Atmospheric Science: What are the biggest unknowns in climate science?](https://www.quora.com/Atmospheric-Science/What-are-the-biggest-unknowns-in-climate-science) (See especially Reena Joubert’s answer)

- [How can someone start excelling in climate science while still in high school?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-someone-start-excelling-in-climate-science-while-still-in-high-school) (again, see Reena Joubert’s answer)

- For applying to graduate schools: [What are the best universities for studying atmospheric science?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-universities-for-studying-atmospheric-science)

- This is slightly unrelated, but: [What are some good resources on astrobiology?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-resources-on-astrobiology) may be useful for those considering e.g. exoplanetary atmospheres.

## Physics/Astronomy

- [What is it like to study Physics at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-study-Physics-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [What is it like to study Astronomy at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-study-Astronomy-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to What are some good websites and resources to learn about astronomy/astrophysics?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-websites-and-resources-to-learn-about-astronomy-astrophysics/answers/604575)

## Math

- This question on Quora currently does not have extensive answers, but this may change in the future: [Why is applied math at the University of Washington top 10 in the nation while pure math is not even close to that?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Why-is-applied-math-at-the-University-of-Washington-top-10-in-the-nation-while-pure-math-is-not-even-close-to-that)

- [Can non-majors take a lot of math courses at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/Can-non-majors-take-a-lot-of-math-courses-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [How should a student independently studying math get help on exercises?](https://www.quora.com/How-should-a-student-independently-studying-math-get-help-on-exercises)

## Thinking about graduate school

- [Jean Yang’s page](http://jeanyang.com/) (see “Considering Graduate School?” near the bottom of the page.) See also [this article](https://medium.com/p/c6162458ef83) by her about MIT.

Commit message:

add plug for portfolio over quora

uw/resources.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Resources for the University of Washington
comments: 'yes'
disqus-id: b6ac33c58ab9c30934bfad47df30bd980e68388b
math: "no"
last-major-revision-date: 2014-05-27
license: "CC-BY"
tags: UW
---


A collection of information about the University of Washington (and also
college in general).
Currently it’s [too easy to lose things on Quora](https://www.quora.com/How-do-people-find-posts-on-Quora-that-theyve-written-but-completely-forgotten-about), so I am posting here.
Please let me know if there are any other good resources or if there are mistakes here.
(You can leave a comment [below](#disqus_thread) or email me at the reverse of moc.liamg@assiecir.)

Note that even if you’re not logged in on Quora, adding `/?share=1` to the end of the URL allows you to view *all* answers, not just the first one.

## Other lists of resources

- The [University of Washington topic on Quora](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington) has a lot of information; in fact, most of the content linked to on this page is from here.

-   Jennifer Apacible has a [collection of Quora questions about
    UW](https://jenpacollections.quora.com/University-of-Washington).

## General

- [Alex K. Chen’s review of the University of Washington](https://www.quora.com/Reviews-of-University-of-Washington/review/Alex-K-Chen).

- [What are the best courses at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-are-the-best-courses-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [Is it allowed to stay overnight in one of the Odegaard Undergraduate Library's study rooms? If so, how common is this practice?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Is-it-allowed-to-stay-overnight-in-one-of-the-Odegaard-Undergraduate-Librarys-study-rooms-If-so-how-common-is-this-practice)

- [Is it worthwhile to attend the Admitted Student Previews (undergrad) at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Is-it-worthwhile-to-attend-the-Admitted-Student-Previews-undergrad-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to What is the biggest regret of your life?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-biggest-regret-of-your-life/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

- Alex K. Chen often refers to the Academic program reviews and departmental self-study reports.
Find these [here](https://www.washington.edu/about/accreditation/noflyouts.html).


- [What happens if a library book is overdue?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-happens-if-a-library-book-is-overdue)

- [What is it like to attend University of Washington in Seattle?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-attend-University-of-Washington-in-Seattle)

- [What are the best colleges and universities for INTPs in the United States?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-colleges-and-universities-for-INTPs-in-the-United-States)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to Self-Improvement: What advice would you tell to your 12-year-old self if you could travel back in time?](https://www.quora.com/Self-Improvement/What-advice-would-you-tell-to-your-12-year-old-self-if-you-could-travel-back-in-time/answer/Alex-K-Chen)


- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to The College and University Experience: If you could do undergrad over again, what would you major in?](https://www.quora.com/The-College-and-University-Experience/If-you-could-do-undergrad-over-again-what-would-you-major-in/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

- [What does Alex K. Chen have against state schools?](https://www.quora.com/Academia/What-does-Alex-K-Chen-have-against-state-schools)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to Should I feel bad for going to a mediocre college?](https://www.quora.com/Should-I-feel-bad-for-going-to-a-mediocre-college/answer/Alex-K-Chen) (see especially the comments to the answer)

- [If Alex K. Chen was transported back in time, with all of his current memories, how would he spend his time?](https://www.quora.com/If-Alex-K-Chen-was-transported-back-in-time-with-all-of-his-current-memories-how-would-he-spend-his-time). Alex says:

- [What is some advice that most college students are not ever likely to hear?](https://www.quora.com/The-College-and-University-Experience/What-is-some-advice-that-most-college-students-are-not-ever-likely-to-hear)

- [College freshmen meme](http://www.quickmeme.com/College-Freshman).
See also the [Lazy College Senior meme](http://www.quickmeme.com/Lazy-College-Senior/).

## Doing research

-   [How can high school students entering the University of Washington
    as freshmen gain experience in
    research?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-high-school-students-entering-the-University-of-Washington-as-freshmen-gain-experience-in-research)

- [How can an undergraduate at the University of Washington find research?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-an-undergraduate-at-the-University-of-Washington-find-research)

- [What are the current exciting research projects at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-current-exciting-research-projects-at-the-University-of-Washington)

## Getting the most out of UW

- [What do UW students wish they had known when they were freshmen?](https://www.quora.com/What-do-UW-students-wish-they-had-known-when-they-were-freshmen)

- [How can I make the most of my college years?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-I-make-the-most-of-my-college-years)

- [How does one sample graduate level courses at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/How-does-one-sample-graduate-level-courses-at-the-University-of-Washington)

    - [What does it mean to add-code at UW?](https://www.quora.com/What-does-it-mean-to-add-code-at-UW)

- [How do I self-study a lot of subjects efficiently like Alex K. Chen?](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-self-study-a-lot-of-subjects-efficiently-like-Alex-K-Chen)

- [What majors at the University of Washington allow non-majors to take most or all of their courses?](https://www.quora.com/What-majors-at-the-University-of-Washington-allow-non-majors-to-take-most-or-all-of-their-courses)

- See also [Scholarship: How to Do It Efficiently](http://lesswrong.com/lw/5me/scholarship_how_to_do_it_efficiently/) by Luke Muehlhauser.

- [What learning strategies do people who are "quick learners" follow?](https://www.quora.com/Learning/What-learning-strategies-do-people-who-are-quick-learners-follow)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to What subjects should everyone be familiar with?](https://www.quora.com/What-subjects-should-everyone-be-familiar-with/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

## Networking

-   See Jonah and Vipul’s “[Using Facebook effectively](http://info.cognitomentoring.org/wiki/Using_Facebook_effectively)” for reasons why Facebook might be useful in college.

- [What are the best ways for students to network with other people while they're still in college?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-ways-for-students-to-network-with-other-people-while-theyre-still-in-college)

- [How common is it to feel socially isolated at the UW?](https://www.quora.com/How-common-is-it-to-feel-socially-isolated-at-the-UW)

-   [Alex K. Chen’s answer to: People Skills: What is the secret to finding the right peers?](https://www.quora.com/People-Skills/What-is-the-secret-to-finding-the-right-peers/answer/Alex-K-Chen)
Alex says, in part:

    > Make yourself **extremely** stalkable and Googleable (and clearly
    > mark that you're open to emails and random Facebook friend
    > requests from strangers). And also - archive up \*all\* the
    > interesting things you've gathered up and put them somewhere
    > that's \*ultra-accessible\*, so that they can easily find them.
    > Use the cloud as your storage space, and default most of your
    > Facebook status updates to public.

    - See also Alex’s post on Less Wrong, [How do you approach the problem of social discovery?](http://lesswrong.com/r/discussion/lw/k3s/how_do_you_approach_the_problem_of_social/) and [Alex K. Chen's answer to Alex K. Chen (topic): What were Alex K Chen's best decisions of his life?](https://www.quora.com/Alex-K-Chen-topic/What-were-Alex-K-Chens-best-decisions-of-his-life/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

-   [How does one meet new people at UWashington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/How-does-one-meet-new-people-at-UWashington)

    - Consider going to a Quora meet-up.
For the ones in Seattle, see [this page](http://seattlequorameetups.quora.com/). (This blog is currently closed to the public, but if you contact me and you live in the Seattle area, I can probably get you in.)

    - [How do I recruit people to join Quora at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-recruit-people-to-join-Quora-at-the-University-of-Washington) (all the answers seem good)


- [Alex K. Chen's answer to Colleges and Universities: How can you make important connections if you don't attend a top university?](https://www.quora.com/Colleges-and-Universities/How-can-you-make-important-connections-if-you-dont-attend-a-top-university/answer/Alex-K-Chen)

- The University of Washington does have [its own Facebook app](https://apps.facebook.com/uw_fbapp/) (maybe only for freshmen?), but I haven’t had much success with this yet.

## Housing

Unfortunately most of these questions don't have any answers yet, but they all have the potential to become useful resources in the future, so I will still put them here.

- Eventually see [What University of Washington dorm is the best to live in, and why?](https://www.quora.com/What-University-of-Washington-dorm-is-the-best-to-live-in-and-why); at the moment there aren't any answers there (2014-05-27); closely related is [Do the University of Washington dorms have personalities associated with them?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Do-the-University-of-Washington-dorms-have-personalities-associated-with-them).

- [What is it like to live in Alder Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Alder-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Elm Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington-What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Elm-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Haggett Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Haggett-Hall); see also [Do the rooms at Haggett Hall have Wi-Fi?](https://www.quora.com/Do-the-rooms-at-Haggett-Hall-have-Wi-Fi) and [Do the rooms at the University of Washington's Hagget Hall have WiFi? If so, is the service complimentary to a student's tuition?](https://www.quora.com/Do-the-rooms-at-the-University-of-Washingtons-Hagget-Hall-have-WiFi-If-so-is-the-service-complimentary-to-a-students-tuition)

- [What is it like to live in Hansee Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Hansee-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Lander Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Lander-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in McCarty Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-McCarty-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in McMahon Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-McMahon-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Mercer Court?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Mercer-Court)

- [What is it like to live in Poplar Hall?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Poplar-Hall)

- [What is it like to live in Stevens Court?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-live-in-Stevens-Court)

## UW Honors

<!-- internal tags: uwhons uw hons -->

-   For a comparison of UW Honors to top schools, see the Quora question
    “[How does the University of Washington honors program undergraduate student quality compare with that of top schools like MIT and Caltech?](https://www.quora.com/How-does-the-University-of-Washington-honors-program-undergraduate-student-quality-compare-with-that-of-top-schools-like-MIT-and-Caltech)”

- [What is the Honors program at the University of Washington like? Is it worth joining?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-Honors-program-at-the-University-of-Washington-like-Is-it-worth-joining)

- There are many examples of honors portfolios available [here](https://sites.google.com/a/uw.edu/the-honors-portfolio/portfolio-examples).
You may need a UW account to see some of them, though.
I'm also highly considering doing my honors portfolio on Quora, [since this seems to be possible](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Is-it-possible-to-create-ones-honors-portfolio-on-Quora); I encourage others to look into this as well so that one can reflect+fulfil the requirement+add useful content on the internet so others can access it freely, all at the same time.

- I also highly recommend contacting one or more [UW Honors peer mentors](http://depts.washington.edu/uwhonors/community/mentors/list/); they were all very responsive to email when I contacted them.

## Computer science and engineering (CSE)

- [What's the best path to follow as a freshman to enter the CS major?](https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-best-path-to-follow-as-a-freshman-to-enter-the-CS-major)

-   [How hard is it to get into the CSE program at University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/How-hard-is-it-to-get-into-the-CSE-program-at-University-of-Washington)

-   [Jennifer Apacible's answer to University of Washington: What does it take to be a direct admit to the computer science program at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-does-it-take-to-be-a-direct-admit-to-the-computer-science-program-at-the-University-of-Washington/answer/Jennifer-Apacible-1)

- [As a non-major, how can I be a bigger part of the UW CSE community?](https://www.quora.com/As-a-non-major-how-can-I-be-a-bigger-part-of-the-UW-CSE-community)

- [What does Alex K. Chen think of the field of Computer Science?](https://www.quora.com/Alex-K-Chen-topic/What-does-Alex-K-Chen-think-of-the-field-of-Computer-Science)

- [What is it like taking CSE 142 at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-taking-CSE-142-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [What is it like to take CSE 143 at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-take-CSE-143-at-the-University-of-Washington)


## Atmospheric science

- [What is it like to study Atmospheric Science at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-study-Atmospheric-Science-at-the-University-of-Washington)
In particular, Alex K. Chen says:

- [Department of atmospheric sceinces: unit self-study](https://www.washington.edu/about/accreditation/reviews/atmos-2011-1.pdf)

- [What are some downsides to doing research in atmospheric science?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-downsides-to-doing-research-in-atmospheric-science) (Alex K. Chen’s and Reena Joubert’s answers are especially good.)

- [What should someone major in if they want to become a climate scientist?](https://www.quora.com/Atmospheric-Science/What-should-someone-major-in-if-they-want-to-become-a-climate-scientist) (No answers at the time of writing, unfortunately.)

- [What are some good resources for the earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-resources-for-the-earth-atmospheric-and-planetary-sciences)

- [What are some good summer (or winter) programs/schools for graduate students in the earth/atmospheric/planetary sciences or in astrophysics?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-summer-or-winter-programs-schools-for-graduate-students-in-the-earth-atmospheric-planetary-sciences-or-in-astrophysics)

- See Edwin Kite’s answer here to see why people in the Earth sciences are more willing to share data: [Are scientists more willing to share data in some fields than in other fields?](https://www.quora.com/Are-scientists-more-willing-to-share-data-in-some-fields-than-in-other-fields).
The [article](http://www.wired.com/2009/12/15943/) Kite links to is intriguing.

- [Atmospheric Science: What are the biggest unknowns in climate science?](https://www.quora.com/Atmospheric-Science/What-are-the-biggest-unknowns-in-climate-science) (See especially Reena Joubert’s answer)

- [How can someone start excelling in climate science while still in high school?](https://www.quora.com/How-can-someone-start-excelling-in-climate-science-while-still-in-high-school) (again, see Reena Joubert’s answer)

- For applying to graduate schools: [What are the best universities for studying atmospheric science?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-universities-for-studying-atmospheric-science)

- This is slightly unrelated, but: [What are some good resources on astrobiology?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-resources-on-astrobiology) may be useful for those considering e.g. exoplanetary atmospheres.

## Physics/Astronomy

- [What is it like to study Physics at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/What-is-it-like-to-study-Physics-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [What is it like to study Astronomy at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/What-is-it-like-to-study-Astronomy-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [Alex K. Chen’s answer to What are some good websites and resources to learn about astronomy/astrophysics?](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-good-websites-and-resources-to-learn-about-astronomy-astrophysics/answers/604575)

## Math

- This question on Quora currently does not have extensive answers, but this may change in the future: [Why is applied math at the University of Washington top 10 in the nation while pure math is not even close to that?](https://www.quora.com/University-of-Washington/Why-is-applied-math-at-the-University-of-Washington-top-10-in-the-nation-while-pure-math-is-not-even-close-to-that)

- [Can non-majors take a lot of math courses at the University of Washington?](https://www.quora.com/Can-non-majors-take-a-lot-of-math-courses-at-the-University-of-Washington)

- [How should a student independently studying math get help on exercises?](https://www.quora.com/How-should-a-student-independently-studying-math-get-help-on-exercises)

## Thinking about graduate school

- [Jean Yang’s page](http://jeanyang.com/) (see “Considering Graduate School?” near the bottom of the page.) See also [this article](https://medium.com/p/c6162458ef83) by her about MIT.
